31)how to set replication factor of a file ? of a cluster as whole ? after setting up all prior files also get replicated or only files which comes after replication ?
32)checkpointing in spark , difference in checkpointing and persist in spark?
33)distribute by , cluster by , group by , reduce by in hive ?
34)optimization techniques in hive apart from partition and bucketing?
35)execution engine tez why better ?
36)safe mode -name node scenario when all write are getting failed in hadoop and reads are getting successful ?
37)mapreduce architecture, combiner , reducer, shuffler , partition in mapreduce?
38)if out of 4 reducer only 3 completed one is still not completed then check why ?
39)speculative engine scenario in hadoop if few node are taking more time as expected then ?
40)how hive creates plan ? (sql query/stages/map/reduce/schedule /run)
41)hive authentication and authorization as kerberos ?
42)in spark if some join is happening then how it works and submits the job, out of memory issue  ?
43)vectorization in hive ?
44)what major issues u faced in current work at mcafee technical chalenges ?
45)current company glue and pyspark , where pyspark runs on emr ?
46)how to check corrupted blocks on hadoop ?
47)spark client and cluster mode ?
48)orphan /zombie process
49)command to change the priority of process
50)http and https port number 
51)balancer command in hdfs
52)adding data node in hadoop cluster
53)command to check ip of a host , command to check whether that host on a port is listening or not -> telnet command
54) replication factor of a file in hdfs
55)dns server name , a address and p address
56)troubleshooting part
55) top 5 processes command in linux
56)page fault in virtual memory
57)what is virtual memory in os
58)how a port is defined to a site 
59)need of vmstat command, iostat
60)how to manage timed out error when we are trying a website on a web browser
61)spark workaround for update and delete
62)current challenge and critical feedback how u took
63)

 

============
How can you add and remove nodes from the Hadoop cluster?

To add new nodes to the HDFS cluster, the hostnames should be added to the slaves file and then DataNode and TaskTracker should be started on the new node.
To remove or decommission nodes from the HDFS cluster, the hostnames should be removed from the slaves file and –refreshNodes should be executed.